Man.
I mean,
it just seems like there's so many promising things.
It would be really fascinating if you could document that you could take one
person.
It was like a,
a wealthy man in his mid to late sixties.
Yeah.
Well there's this four inch element in anti aging.
In fact,
I don't even like the term anti aging.
It's what do you like longevity research or we're about to announce,
uh,
maybe this is a sneak preview for everybody.
Uh,
an academy for aging research of the,
the top,
I think 20 scientists in the world are banding together to,
to,
uh,
produce white papers and opinions.
Um,
but yeah,
we call it longevity research.
And so anti aging is,
is more that the botox and that kind of stuff that we don't want anything to do
with.
But that's nonsense.
It's not really anti aging.
You're not doing anything about aging.
You just freezing your skin so it doesn't move.
That is,
that to me is one of the weirder things,
especially with men.
When I see a man,
his forehead doesn't move,
I want to smack them in the mouth.
Like,
what's wrong with you?
Sir,
how dare you spark.
It's just,
it's not,
it's a,
it's not like botox or fillers or any of those things.
You're not doing anything for your health or your actual real vitality.
You're just weirdly doing something cosmetic.
Right?
Yes,
you are.
Um,
and though I think their defense is you feel better if you look better and
psychologically it might help.
I don't think they look better though.
They just look different.
Yeah.
Well that's the problem.
It is true.
Um,
yeah,
I don't spend a lot of time thinking about the cosmetic industry,
uh,
for obvious reasons.
I'm trying to save humanity and,
and improve the planet.
Um,
I actually,
I do think we will,
we would be judged as a,
uh,
as a species if an alien came down and they said,
you're shooting botulism in your face with fries.
Right,
exactly.
You are a weird,
you're not allowed in the club of advanced species.
Well,
would that would only be one thing that we are weird from.
Yeah.
You know,
but what would,
what would they ask you that?
Well,
they'd ask us,
have you figured out the speed of light?
They would ask me why I have drawings all over my arm.
You know?
Now they might appreciate art maybe,
but like they'd be like,
why didn't you just get it?
And there's wash it off or something.
Why you have to get it drilled in your scans too.
That's coming.
But I think what did that,
one of the most important questions they'd ask to tell if we are an advanced
nation or advanced species is,
have you figured out aging yet?
Mm.
Right.
Deterioration.
Yeah.
And you know what?
We're so pathetic as a species.
Our answer would be,
you mean that's a thing?
You can do something about that.
And they're like,
come back in a thousand years.